Here are the quotes with asterisks removed and formatted as plain text:  

1. "...believe that the best men are often those whose feelings are most easily irritated and appeased, and that this quickness, so to speak, and sensitiveness of disposition are generally signs of a good heart; and lastly—and this is the main thing—that we must mutually put up with each other's gaucheries (shall I call them?), or faults, or injurious acts, then these misunderstandings will, I hope, be easily smoothed away."  

2. "But one thing I am not bound to do, and it is in fact impossible—remain in a life so wretched and so dishonoured any longer than your necessities, or some well-grounded hope, shall demand."  

3. "...sorrow is the beginning and end, sorrow that punishment is most severe when our conduct has been most unexceptionable."  

4. "For happy though but ill, for ill not worst."  

5. "For the untroubled recollection of a past sorrow has a charm of its own."  

6. "...the doubtful and varied fortunes of a man, frequently of eminent character, involve feelings of wonder, suspense, joy, sorrow, hope, fear: if these fortunes are crowned with a glorious death, the imagination is satisfied with the most fascinating delight which reading can give."  

7. "...take care, if you love me, to keep your health, lest I should take advantage of your being laid up to eat you out of house and home."  

8. "...the wise man does not pledge himself against anything except doing wrong; and of this I consider myself clear in two ways, first in that my views were most absolutely correct; and second because, when I found that we had not sufficient material force to maintain them, I was against a trial of strength with the stronger party. Therefore, so far as the duty of a good citizen is concerned, I am certainly not open to reproach. What remains is that I should not say or do anything foolish or rash against the men in power: that too, I think, is the part of the wise man."  

9. "...now is the time for you to convince us that you are able to bear bad fortune equally well, and that it does not appear to you to be a heavier burden than you ought to think it. I would not have this to be the only one of all the virtues that you do not possess."  

10. "For I think it a disgrace that I should not bear my loss as you—a man of such wisdom—think it should be borne."  

11. "But make haste, in God's name! You know the importance of seizing the right moment, and of rapidity."  

12. "Maintain a political controversy only so far as you can convince your fellow citizens of its justice: never offer violence to parent or fatherland."  

---  
These quotes are primarily from **Cicero** (e.g., letters and philosophical works), reflecting themes of virtue, political ethics, and resilience. Let me know if you need further adjustments!