Here are the quotes from Seneca, formatted in plain text with asterisks, underscores, and unnecessary characters removed:  

1. "Virtue is that perfect good which is the complement of a happy life; the only immortal thing that belongs to mortality—it is the knowledge of good and evil."  
2. "It is not the matter, but the virtue, that makes the action good or ill; and he that is led in triumph may be yet greater than his conqueror."  
3. "The good-will of the benefactor is the fountain of all benefits; and it is this alone that distinguishes a benefit from an injury."  
4. "There is not any benefit so glorious in itself, but it may yet be exceedingly sweetened and improved by the manner of conferring it."  
5. "He was much in the right, whoever it was, that first called anger a short madness; for they have both of them the same symptoms. There is no surer argument of a great mind than not to be transported to anger by any accident."  
6. "The clouds and the tempests are formed below, but all above is quiet and serene; which is the emblem of a brave man, that suppresses all provocations, and lives within himself, modest, humble, and composed."  
7. "The humanity and excellence of clemency is confessed at all hands... for it is of all dispositions the most peaceable and quiet. He that has revenge in his power, and does not use it, is the great man."  
8. "Never pronounce any man happy that depends upon fortune for his happiness; for nothing can be more preposterous than to place the good of a reasonable creature in unreasonable things. It is but a main point to take care that we propose nothing but what is hopeful and honest."  
9. "Death is the test of life, and it is that only which discovers what we are, and distinguishes betwixt ostentation and virtue."  
10. "Good counsel is the most needful service that we can do to mankind; and if we give it to many, it will be sure to profit some."  
11. "He that places a man in the possession of himself does a great thing; for wisdom does not show itself so much in precept as in life; in a firmness of mind and a mastery of appetite: it teaches us to do as well as to talk: and to make our words and actions all of a color."  
12. "It is the bounty of nature that we live; but of philosophy that we live well, which is in truth a greater benefit than life itself."  
13. "No man is born wise; but wisdom and virtue require a tutor, though we can easily learn to be vicious without a master."  
14. "More than we use is more than we need, and only a burden to the bearer."  
15. "Philosophy is the health of the mind; let us look to that health first, and in the second place to that of the body, which may be had upon easier terms."  
16. "There is a great difference betwixt the splendor of philosophy and of fortune; the one shines with an original light, the other with a borrowed one; beside that it makes us happy and immortal: for learning shall outlive palaces and monuments."  
17. "Precepts are of great weight; and a few useful ones at hand do more toward a happy life than whole volumes or cautions, that we know not where to find."  
18. "It is a great virtue to love, to give, and to follow good counsel; if it does not profit the receiver, at least it does the giver."  
19. "Never pronounce any man happy that depends upon fortune for his happiness; for nothing can be more preposterous than to place the good of a reasonable creature in unreasonable things."  
20. "The man that would be truly rich must not increase his fortune, but retrench his appetites: for riches are not only superfluous, but mean, and little more to the possessor than to the looker-on."  

---  
These quotes reflect Seneca’s Stoic philosophy on virtue, self-control, and the pursuit of wisdom. Let me know if you need further refinements!